To Book PRIORITY CALL, Pay here -
This form was created inside of hypertroph.com.
You bring the commitment. We bring the system. 6 Months is all it takes.
Yes, I agree.
Fat Loss
Required
Where did you hear about Hypertroph?
Please confirm before proceeding.
Never submit passwords through Google Forms.
Title: Live Content

Description: Fetched live

Source: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc-_8EvEH1pJxG4rKwEjnDhsh-k8dRstCO-F1gYidUHMqLUsg/viewform

---
6 Month Package (INR 42,000/-) [Ideal for TOTAL BODY TRANSFORMATION]
Lack of exercise knowledge (Which exercises work best)
Yes, Paid ₹99
From when are you available to start your transformation program?
By continuing, I acknowledge and agree that:
Your Gender.
Ready to Begin (ASAP)
Please fill this quick form to help us analyse your case.
Page 1 of 1
What big blockers you've always faced in reaching your ideal fitness?
Thyroid
Exactly what would you like to achieve in the next 6 months. Imagine being in your ideal body, living your best life - what comes in your vision?
This takes commitment - we will get you to workout at least 3 days/week, and also reset your diet
Clear selection
I am fully open to making every necessary change to my diet — including a full diet reset if required.
PCOS/PCOD
Help Forms improve
Your Age
Does this form look suspicious?
Running/Marathon or Sports Performance
No, I can wait
Six Pack
Select all that applies. Add more in 'Other' if needed.
Lifestyle Reset
Alright. What is your primary fitness goal right now?
'To have things you've never had before, you must do things you've never done before.'
Call guaranteed under 24 hours. (UPI Details Below)
This is currently outside my budget
Report
Your Name
Fitness is for all ages, but everyone needs a different strategy.
Yes, Siddharth reviews these forms personally.
Diabetes (T2D)
This fee will be completely adjusted if you join the program.
If we are a good fit, we will contact you ASAP to take things further.
Next Month
Help and feedback
Any message/queries for Coach Siddharth?
Please add your country code as well. (+91, +44, +1, etc)
I am mentally prepared to commit to a complete lifestyle reset over the next 6 months.
JavaScript isn't enabled in your browser, so this file can't be opened. Enable and reload.
Lack of diet knowledge
Fitness is for everyone, but women and men need slightly different approach.
You can skip the queue, by paying just
Lack of self-control
Are you dealing with any health issues?
This is 100% confidential. We make your diet & exercise strategy accordingly - to be compatible for you, to work best for you.
Welcome to Hypertroph Fitness
Lack of time
Where do you currently live? (city, country)
Record my email address with my response
Submit
Contact form owner
Lack of motivation
Improve Health Blood Markers
Friend/Relative
Later Someday (Not Sure When)
What's your current & goal body weight?
Now please describe this fitness goal in a bit more details.
I understand that Hypertroph works only with a limited number of individuals who are the right fit for this transformation program, and I will respect the outcome of my application if I am not accepted immediately.
Your answer
Do you want to book a PRIORITY CALL?
Instagram
We work with mentees from all across the globe.
Female
Remember -
We receive a lot of enquiries, and we can only contact on first come first serve basis.
What do you do? (Occupation)
Other:
If qualified, how would you like to be contacted?
* Indicates required question
I am committed to dedicating 6–8 focused hours per week to structured training inside the gym.
Text me first
Muscle Gain
3 Month Package (INR 30,000/-)
Which Transformation Program are you interested in?
Call me
Clear form
Youtube
WhatsApp Number